Brewery Project Idea

- This app will help schedule and prepare the brewing process as a whole from the start of the brew day to pouring the beer into
the glasses and at its core should help brewer plan out what kind of beer they could be brewing accordingly to beer events and
beer celebrations through out the year. What these entails are
  1. preparing to buy the grain and of course factoring the shipping dates of these raw materials
  for the brew day.
  2. Estimating the time of the fermentation which includes D-Rest, clarity of the beer, flavor settlement and many more.
  3. When to dump yeast and hops accordingly to the brewery practices and recommended amount by the app.
  4. At whatever the temperature is the beer will be fermented and recommended temp by the yeast company.
  5. Carbonation level, and carbonation time (every system and temperature is different so there will be different time).
  6. Checking pH level throughout the process from the start of the mash, end of the boil and at the end product.
  7. Recipe Chart Page including Water Chemistry chart and many more.
  8. Lagering time for the beer, if its a lager.
  9. Recording time during the brew day, from the process time of the start of milling, mash in, lauter, boiling, and the rest.
  10. ABV calculator.

On the home page

We will have a section that has a button "Plan Your Brew Day" and after clicking the button there will be a page
that has a list of recipes the brewer has added.
In this page, there also will be suggestions of what the brewery should be brewing this will be predicted
according to the data of sales and inventory so that the brewery doesn't run out of beer for example a flagship beer that
is 60% of the brewery's beer sales. This suggestions will say something like "You have 10 barrels left of Pilsner, so we need
to brew this week to make sure we don't run out of Pilsner. Brew day time to Pour: 6 and a half week. 10 barrels according to
sales data last us 2 and a half month." We will have this for all of the style of beer that we don't want to run out and
consistently have in stock. We will also have alerts on which beer will run out either they are flagship beer or not.
Of course, every beer brew process and time is different because every brewery practices are different.

Either a list of tank or a tank that could be ready for the brew day.

From here brewer can select whichever style of beer to brew and after they select the beer there will be a checklist that is
unique to the beer style since the process will be different with each style.
This will have a checkbox of lists that brewer needs to prepare for the brew day like getting an estimate time
of how long to get grains and yeast to the brewery before the brew day and to check when the next tank will be ready.
In the checklist there will be a prepping brew day section which can be modify by the head brewer. There will be a default
setting on the checklist but since every brewery's practices are different it will probably be changed.

This checkbox list can differ from one brewery to another. For example, the Brewery I am currently working for
prep tanks for the new batch about a week before the brew day. We plan out which tank will be set up
for the transfer to serving tanks so that we have space to add the new batch on the brew day. For us the steps to make sure
the beer is ready to transferred are:

 A) Flavor Stability
 The amount of time the flavor stability depends on the beer but brewers can usually have an estimate time of how long
 that is if they know their recipe, if not you can always start with a estimate of what yeast company's and general
 knowledge of common brewer has on the yeast that is used on the beer.
 then
 B) if need Dry Hops addition
 This step usually is for Hoppy beer. For this step brewers usually think of the hop rate addition per barrel or gallon
 and how long the dry hop process is.
 C) Cold Crash
 This step should be B if there is no Dry hop addition but if there is it should be C. Beer should be cold crash immediately
 when everything is ready so that the yeast and hops can settle and can be dump which leads to step D.
 D) Dump Yeast/ Hops
 This process takes about 2-3 days depending on what kind of equipments the brewery has. This is a very important step because
 we don't want yeast or hops in the serving tank or the keg because it will mess with the flavor and have less shelve life.

 But for some brewery, they might dump yeast after the fermentation is done and let it sit till the flavor is settled and then
 Dump hops if there are hops addition. So the order would be different and even the practices would be different. Some Brewery
 don't have serving tanks, they just keg off from the fermentor. But to get an idea of why we need the checkbox list to be
 adjustable like the time of task to prep is important.

So the first step of getting ready for the brew day is to prep a tank, and have the ingredients ready.
We usually can tell which tank is ready to transfer by looking at how long it has been in the tank and the way the beer taste
which is a task and a job of a brewer.
transfer the beer from the fermentation keg to a serving tank to make space
for the new beer. After the transfer we usually need a day to carbonate the beer and let clarifying agent make beer clear. Some
place don't use this, some use it in different step of the brewing process but ultimately depends on the brewer. But in our
case we usually let it sit for a day after carbonating the beer for 6 hours and the addition the agent.

which tank they want to put in; this usually entails
kegging the tank, cleaning the tank which takes maybe a whole day depending on the system and the size of the brewery.

(although the App could
possibly have a guess of which tank it will be, usually the lowest volume of the tank and also kegging
After selecting, the app will show how long it will take from the brew day to the day the beer can be poured, at least
an estimate amount of time.
After choosing the style of beer, there will be a checkbox of what the brewer needs for the brew day and
on the estimate of how long the brew day will take.
After clicking the style of beer, there will be a list of things that needs for the brew day to start and the estimate
of time of when the brew day will finish, after checking the box of all the things that needs to brew the brew day can
be planned.
there will be a planner where the app will help plan on how much the brewer needs to brew
according to the inventory. In this planner it will let us choose which day they will brew, and how long the estimate of the
process would be according to their system. After selecting the amount of beer that the brewer wants to brew,
it will have a prediction of how long the beer will last (this will be calculated according from the past sales + time)
but this can be adjusted to the brewer's opinion. The data will be collected and be reevaluated so that in the future there is a
better predicament of how fast or slow the beer will sell out and last. With this data we will know when
to brew the next batch before the beer runs out. Usually this is done by checking inventory and keeping track with
how much beer is left in tank/kegs but the app will help predict when you should be brewing again with the past data. But
the app will ask to check inventory to add additional data on how much beer is sold each day or week and compare
with the sales data to see how much beer is wasted.

This will help us prepare what is needed for the brew day because after those steps the recipe will show and there will be all the
information that the brewer needs for their brew day including raw materials, water profile, water pH, yeasts and how much
water we need, how much we many barrels/gallons are they brewing.

//The other thing is the beer life time; this can also be adjusted to the brewer experience and comfortability with how long
beer will lasts and depending on which beer. It all depends on how long the brewer feels comfortable with the quality of
the beer.

There will also be a To-Do List on this page. This To-Do List will consist of The Must To Do of the day, The Need
To Do of the day, and The Least To Do of the day so there are three tier. The first two Must and Need To Dos are things
that needs to be done of the day, and the Least To Do is something that needs to be done of the week. Each task in the
To Do list should have details of how to proceed the task, how long it should take, and also additional notes so incase
there is something that is needed to share with the team, it could be shared with the team.

Incentive to using this app by the brewery to brewer is beer.



when it should be ready to serve, and what to do throughout the process of the entire brew day, setting up temperature,
checking SG and OG,

. The app will help guess an expected growth of sales and
perhaps this will give brewer a better idea of planning with the app. The app will have suggestion on what to brew according
to the sales and inventory of the beer.


 Essentially Planning the brew day ahead with as simple as a click.
For example to prepare a festbier one would normally need to brew it 2-3 months ahead if you put in lagering
time and other factors on how the beer is traditionally brewed or even the modified standard of the brewery
(options available) from the start to the end. This consists of the preparation of brew day from the estimated duration
of time to how many grain bags we need to milled. The App will have other features like To Do Lists, and Notes.
