
a beer inventory state that is an array and when it has something in it that's when you render the third page.

- current beer info(state) or an add beer form data; info for the second page where it's added

adding beer state so that it can be click (true/false) the initial state is false

this is what I'm trying to do
this is what I tried and why
this is the unexpected thing that's happening



 when they click schedule, run get schedule and then within get schedule add it to the calendar loop through a list of dates
 within the calculate function call
 onClick import the util function export it from util and import it on plan your brewing excute that function on click
 calculate the schedule get back the list of start time and end time of each of the phases and outside of the function
 and inside the onclick function and loop through all of the result inside onCilck function the result of the calculate function
 can be a list of object that represent each meeting. First object in the array that it returns, and second object in the array
 is the second phase, and use through the array. my add event function main argument will still be the event, this time passing
 in the arguments from the array of  the results from the calculate functions.


how do i loop through an object of different time block and set it to google calendars
I will have a loop of three different types of styles of beer. I will click on one type of style and it will insert
multiple events that has different start times and end times. When I click on a type of beer, it will select that object.
How do i select the object through a loop?


Beer List -> Beer Recipe -> Schedule -> Set Date -> Show Pop Up that it's completed and/or open google calendar.

Now that I managed to set the Date 


command option J to open console

somehow setting a name into an object instead of a word

local storage
make a data structure that has a
make a json structure and each entry will
the key of the entry will be the beer type and the value will be the object
schedule will go to the brew day, the Fermentation period, the

date picker widget find on react that will let them select the date
schedule object that store our scheduling data
Lager
phase 1: Primary Fermentation (9-13days)
phase 2: Diacetyl Rest
phase 3: Lagering
phase 4: Carbonation

Ale
phase 1: Primary Fermentation (7 days)
phase 2: Diacetyl Rest
phase 3: Cold

Kettle Sour
phase 1: Souring the wort (1-2days)
phase 2: Primary Fermentation (7days)
phase 3: Diacetyl Rest
phase 4: Cold

How to take this parameter about the schedule and turn it into a google calendar.
Date, Time, Duration and the name of the meeting.
Start Brewing retrieve the beer type of the beer from the beer type retrieve the scheduling plan for that given beer type and
then take the date selected from that date calculate a sets of date that the brewer step should occur.
prints the date time of each step.

make a utility file
i want to add the utility file data to the




To-Do

Use Dynmaic Route and URL Param for Beer List and Recipe Detail.


//i need a conditional logic in to determine which section to render base on the different state variable.

Functions

First Use Entry Screen
    - Text Logo
    - Explain what the app is
Beer list page
    - Add Beer Button
    - greeting/prompt when no beer
    - beer list shows when beers exist
    - beer items are clickable to go to beer detail page
Adding Beer page
    - title
    - Form
    - done button
    - divide the inputs into multiple pages with progress bar
Recipe Detail
    - Edit Recipe
    - Delete Recipe
    - Done Button to go to Home Page
Home page
    - Schedule button (Plan your Brew Day) clickable to go to Pick Your Brew Day Page
    - To-Do Lists
    - Inventory List
Pick Your Brew Day Page
    - Shows Inventory (Having warning signs for possible low inventory beer and recommendation of what to brew)
    - Show Fermentation Tank availability
    - Show Beer Recipe List
    -
Inventory Page
    - If Inventory is empty, prompt add information.
    - Have a Add Button to start the data input
    - Have input of Inventory data from what Beers are in stock, how much it is left, what time it was transferred and check in
      of inventory timeline.
    - If Inventory has data, Show a list of Beer Inventory and their data.
    - Shows the amount of Beer left in the cold box
    -
    -
